Update for eforms (#49)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_bid_extension: README.md

This extension can also be used to publish data on quotes.

## Legal Context

In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BG-320 (Tender) and BT-3202 (Contract Tender ID)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). See [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/) for correspondences to eForms fields.

> 

Reviewer: Since this extension has much wider use, we can omit this section.

We added "legal context" for many of the extensions created for the OCDS for EU profile, because the legal context somewhat justifies the existence of the extension.

For common concepts like bids, our intention is not to catalogue the legal correspondence to every jurisdiction - so it seems a bit odd to give the EU extra consideration.

Note that sentence case (Legal context) should be used for headings.

```suggestion
```

> In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BG-7 (Notice Result), BG-320 (Tender) and BG-310 (Contract)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). See [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/) for the correspondences to eForms fields.

Reviewer 2: BG-7 contains 3 BT's all of which are discarded in OCDS and only 1 BT from BG-310 uses this extension

> In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BG-7 (Notice Result), BG-320 (Tender) and BG-310 (Contract)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). See [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/) for the correspondences to eForms fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [BG-320 (Tender) and BT-3202 (Contract Tender ID)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). See [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/) for the correspondences to eForms fields.
```
